Documentation for Tooltip mode (#12455)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/widgets.md

* Enable the chart's legend by activating **Display Legend**

> * Select the **Tooltip Mode**, choosing how the tooltip on the chart will be shown, between several modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select the **Tooltip Mode**, choosing how the tooltip on the chart will be shown, between *Unified X tooltip*, *Unified Y tooltip*, *X tooltip*, *Y tooltip*, *Individual tooltip* and *No tooltip*.
```
